[Multiple articles] Restructure table of contents (#150)
microsoft/vcpkg-docs: vcpkg/users/buildsystems/msbuild-integration.md

---
title: vcpkg in MSBuild projects
description: Integrate vcpkg into an MSBuild or Visual Studio project.
author: vicroms
ms.author: viromer
ms.prod: vcpkg
ms.date: 9/18/2023
---
# vcpkg in MSBuild projects

## Integration methods

### User-wide integration

To use vcpkg in your MSBuild projects run the following command:

```Console
vcpkg integrate install
```

> You only need to run the [`vcpkg integrate install`](../../commands/integrate.md#vcpkg-integrate-install)

Reviewer: Maybe talk about how this works if you have multiple copies of vcpkg on your system (this makes this copy of vcpkg the one MSBuild recognizes).

command the first time you want to enable MSBuild integration. This enables MSBuild integration for all
your existing and future projects. Use [`vcpkg integrate remove`](../../commands/integrate.md#vcpkg-integrate-remove)
to remove MSBuild user-wide integration.

This integration method automatically adds vcpkg-installed packages to the following project properties:
Include Directories, Link Directories, and Link Libraries. Additionally, this creates a post-build action
that ensures that any required DLLs are copied into the build output folder. This works for all solutions and

> projects using VS2015 or newer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
projects using Visual Studio 2015 or newer.
```

This is all you need to do for the vast majority of libraries. However, some libraries perform
conflicting behaviors, such as redefining `main()`. Since you need to choose per-project which of
these conflicting options you want, you must manually add those libraries to your linker inputs.

> Here is a not an exhaustive list of examples where manual linking is necessary:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are some examples where manual linking is necessary (not an exhaustive list):
```

---
title: vcpkg in MSBuild projects
description: Integrate vcpkg into an MSBuild or Visual Studio project.
author: vicroms
ms.author: viromer
ms.prod: vcpkg
ms.date: 9/18/2023
---
# vcpkg in MSBuild projects

## Integration methods

### User-wide integration

To use vcpkg in your MSBuild projects run the following command:

```Console
vcpkg integrate install
```

You only need to run the [`vcpkg integrate install`](../../commands/integrate.md#vcpkg-integrate-install)
command the first time you want to enable MSBuild integration. This enables MSBuild integration for all
your existing and future projects. Use [`vcpkg integrate remove`](../../commands/integrate.md#vcpkg-integrate-remove)
to remove MSBuild user-wide integration.

This integration method automatically adds vcpkg-installed packages to the following project properties:

> Include Directories, Link Directories, and Link Libraries. Additionally, this creates a post-build action
> that ensures that any required DLLs are copied in the build output folder. This works for all solutions and
> projects using VS2015 or newer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Include Directories, Link Directories, and Link Libraries. Additionally, this creates a post-build action
that ensures that any required DLLs are copied into the build output folder. This works for all solutions and
projects using VS2015 or newer.
```

> For the vast majority of libraries, this is all you need to do. However, some libraries perform
> conflicting behaviors such as redefining `main()`. Since you need to choose per-project which of
> these conflicting options you want, you will need to add those libraries to your linker inputs
> manually.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is all you need to do for the vast majority of libraries. However, some libraries perform
conflicting behaviors, such as redefining `main()`. Since you need to choose per-project which of
these conflicting options you want, you must manually add those libraries to your linker inputs.
```

</Project>
```

See the [Customize your
build](/visualstudio/msbuild/customize-your-build#directorybuildprops-and-directorybuildtargets)
section of the official MSBuild documentation for more information on `Directory.Build.targets` and
`Directory.Build.props`.

### Linked NuGet package

> > [!NOTE] This approach is not recommended for new projects, since it makes them difficult to share

Author: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE] 
> This approach is not recommended for new projects, since it makes them difficult to share
```
